hey everybody and welcome to the Wolfe
pit hey tonight we're going to cook
about a two and a half pound top round
steak hey you will see these steaks most
commonly mislabeled in the store as
London broil which they're not their top
round steak or roast whatever you want
to call it but it is not at London broil
London boroughs a technique of cooking a
method of marinating and cooking I found
this in the store the other day
Tunney cashiers spices in our herb
seasoning and I tasted it it's it's
really really good it's spicy it's very
um herbal so I'm going to try it on this
tonight we're going to give it a medium
to light coat all right so we're going
to rub this in here Pat it in pilot
season the other side all right and this
race has been sitting out for about 30
minutes now we're going to sit down for
about another 20 minutes come up to room
temperature
all right on top around if it's sitting
out for about an hour now and it's close
to room temperature and we're going to
cook this like you would a pit beef
we're going to cook it indirect we're
going to go ahead lighter coals same
method as you see me do for our coals
are half way lit so we're going to go
ahead and put the lid on put the vent
over top of the meat leave the bottom
vent wide open top vent light open the
meat is good warm right now we're going
to go ahead and remove the heat but all
these coals catch real quick and then
we're going to finish it with a sear all
right we got our coals all smoking hot
now so we're going to go ahead and
finish this off with a really quick sear
probably 1 minute on each side
you
all right steak is done with the sear
we're going to go ahead and take it off
and let it rest for my 10-15 minutes
okay our top round steak is done and
it's rested for about through our
minutes so we can we go ahead and rinse
Isis as thin as we can hold you'll be
like
you
get our pit beef sandwiched up here
whatever you want to call it let me put
some horseradish on here like lots of
horseradish on mine we're going to add a
little bit of mayonnaise of this that's
ten sliced red onion to the top of that
all right so we're gonna go ahead and
dig into this you want to press down on
it and give it a taste
let's see how it turned out here ma'am
oh I mean is tender the Tony cashiers
season that we use is really good I
can't say enough about that it's it's
spicy it's not too spicy
it's very herbal very aromatic it has a
really really good taste of the beef the
beef is tender its moist
we're going to take one more bite out of
here it's hard to believe something so
simple a lean can be that delicious hmm
this is one besides pork loin this is
one of my favorite sandwiches to make
thank you guys very much for watching
and we'll see you next time